cloud: add a new article about migration job (#11117)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-migration-overview.md

You can migrate data from a wide variety of data sources to TiDB Cloud. This document gives an overview of the data migration scenarios.

## Migrate On-Premises MySQL-Compatible Databases

> TiDB is highly compatible with MySQL. You can migrate data from any MySQL-compatible databases to TiDB Cloud smoothly, whether the data is from a self-hosted MySQL instance or RDS service provided by the public cloud. For more information, [Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Migration Jobs](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).

Reviewer: 这里有点困惑，标题里是 On-Premises 的，内容上写的 migration job，链接是不是需要修改下呢

After full data migration, you can also perform incremental data migration from MySQL-compatible databases to TiDB Cloud. For more information, see [Migrate Incremental Data from MySQL-Compatible Databases](/tidb-cloud/migrate-incremental-data-from-mysql.md).

If your application uses MySQL shards for data storage, you can migrate these shards into TiDB Cloud as one table. For more information, see [Migrate and Merge MySQL Shards of Large Datasets to TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/migrate-sql-shards.md).

## Migrate from Public Cloud Storage

### Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access

If your source data is stored in Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS) buckets, before importing or migrating the data to TiDB Cloud, you need to configure access to the buckets. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md).

> ### Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Migration Jobs
> 
> TiDB Cloud provides the Migration Jobs feature, which supports full migration and incremental migration, allowing you to migrate your business from the upstream database to TiDB Cloud within a short downtime window. For more information, see [Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Migration Jobs](/tidb-cloud/migration-job.md).

Author: ```suggestion
### Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Data Migration

TiDB Cloud provides the Data Migration feature, which supports full migration and incremental migration, allowing you to migrate your business from the upstream database to TiDB Cloud within a short downtime window. For more information, see [Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migration-job.md).
```

> TiDB Cloud provides the Data Migration feature, which supports full migration and incremental migration, allowing you to migrate your business from the upstream database to TiDB Cloud within a short downtime window. For more information, see [Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud provides the Data Migration feature, which supports full migration and incremental migration, allowing you to migrate your business data from the upstream database to TiDB Cloud with minimal downtime. For more information, see [Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).
```

Reviewer 3: LGTM

If your source data is stored in Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS) buckets, before importing or migrating the data to TiDB Cloud, you need to configure access to the buckets. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access and GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md).

> ## Migrate MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using Migration Jobs

Reviewer 2: 这篇 overview 文档是否可以按照新整理的场景重新调整呢？
